hello everyone i'm terry moran glad to
have you with us tonight across the
animal kingdom gifts are an important
part of the mating ritual some birds woo
their mates with fresh-caught fish
humans we opted for shiny rocks and now
some dating websites are cutting
straight to the give-and-take connecting
young women with rich older men to trade
their youth and beauty for his cash and
prizes we got our first look inside
these mutually beneficial arrangements
last summer tonight we bring you the
jet-setting new twist on the sugar baby
dating game here's ABC's Alex Perez you
never know where you're going to find
love online through a friend possibly
even at your doorstep but for the right
price and legally a young college
student could come knock meet 63 year
old Tommy and 21 year old Monty they've
been together for two years
yeah they look great till they are thank
you you're welcome
oh they refer to each other as sugar
daddy and sugar baby because well that's
like huh high-five right thanks up with
a lot better when she needs money
Tommy's her go-to guy and for Monty who
asked we only shoot her in profile it's
a way to get the education she can't
afford he's like I can help you get
through school easy and you just travel
with me have fun be around me and just
keep me company
I said sure are you gonna pay for my
school we observed them being a sugar
baby comes with other pearl a little
shopping today last you and Tommy told
us he drops 5 grand a month on Monty oh
I'm not huh these earrings with a pair
of high-heeled shoes great outfit
oh good whoa
God say 387 fine and it's not just Monti
he's got six other sugar babies thank
you so much this is what we call the
Lawson found Rohr this is what some of
my lovely sugar babies have left behind
Tommy was an IT executive who retired
with enough to spend about a hundred and
fifty thousand a year on the ladies
combined when you walk into a room and
you have a beautiful woman with you it's
it's a compliment to you as a male it's
like pulling up in a really nice car or
something you know
hey compared that way but it is it has a
good feel to it so Monte is like a
really nice car yeah and like a car
these relationships might not last
forever though they start out promising
you Tommy had a golf cook be a classy
woman
he's just transferring me fast into
something that I've always wanted to
become when was the last time you had a
job almost two years ago I'm just having
fun I'm just living life and
experiencing stuff that I feel like I
would never experience without him if
there were no sex involved with Monte or
your other sugarbabyz would you still
bring them around for companionship and
still give them money
no sexually how have things been
different for you I mean he's much older
than you it is what it is are you paying
for sex with a young girl well you know
you pay somehow somewhere for sex no
matter what it is you know they say
wives do it for refrigerators you could
look at I mean I'm sure there's somebody
right now and saying that's exactly what
this is and if they won't say that they
can say that Tommy it's thrice divorced
and is the father of two young adults
around Monty's age he meets many of his
sugar babies on seeking arrangement calm
how is it different than prosecution if
we're talking about exchange for money
for sex I don't see that this way it's
just on a wham bam thank you ma'am
the courts have decreed that as long as
a woman is being paid for services
besides sex such as companionship the
Act does not classify as prostitution an
argument the website owner also makes in
the circuit
is in fact meeting ago simply for sex in
exchange for money then they're using
the website in violation of our Terms of
agreement Wade says ten percent of the
two million registered members are sugar
daddies and mommies 90 percent sugar
babies it is really about a romantic
relationship between two people the only
difference is the circuit data is
somebody who is very well
now Wade is branching out with Miss
travel.com are you attractive but you
don't have the money to travel which
connects attractive women with generous
men to go on exotic trips all paid for
by the men 2020 went along recently with
Sibel and Stephen on a weekend trip to
Cabo San Lucas in Mexico where they met
for the first time meeting is a little
awkward interrupted by margaritas the
first moment I met him I was very
nervous because I'm a bit of a hopeless
or man taking of course I like to assume
all the possibilities what can happen
the next day Stephen takes the belt
sailing on a 52-foot yaaaah
turns up the man what's your favor for
that table I think my favorite part of
our table is being here with you
even taking a page from Titanic to score
the magical first kiss
but you don't have to be a millionaire
to be a sugar daddy they're sugar babies
on different levels you know you've got
your Walmart sugar babies and you got
your Neiman Marcus shake babies or those
who shop at Target like 24-year old
sugar baby
hey Mike you a full-time student at a
broadcasting school in Denver when we
met her last summer a hundred percent of
my school fees which is fifteen thousand
dollars paid for by sugar daddies
Olympia has been a sugar baby since she
was 19 I've gotten to go to the
Caribbean I've gotten to crap travel all
across the nation I just got some
brand-new boobs life's great and is a
pro at juggling several sugar daddies at
a time and about to go me too
perspective sugar daddy he has potential
he's really nice easy to be around
easygoing after dinner it's time to pack
for a long weekend in Louisiana where
she's meeting up with her Maine sugar
daddy Larry Herndon except this is Kenny
Olympia's secondary sugar daddy who's
come by the airport to see her off the
encounter is short to the cash make some
money but for Olympia $500 later
this is the first time Larry and Olympia
have seen each other in six weeks Larry
is a Mormon from Utah they've been in a
sugar baby daddy relationship for a year
and a half and claimed their
relationship is not what you might
expect is there sax in this relationship
no no not at this point and we don't
believe in having premarital sex it's
just like a perfect scenario for you oh
yeah which is half someone who gives you
money and you don't have to sleep with
them perhaps money that gives you money
are after
they respect me they let me be myself
yeah
the dream a dream that comes at a cost
sometimes it gets to me to know that he
is my only way of income and but makes
me feel like you know I'm not really
doing anything sometimes being in a
sugar baby sugar daddy relationship it
does get lonely for me because I can't
always that person can always be there
for me when I need them to be an
emotional loss they believe is worth the
financial gain for nightline I'm Alex
Perez in Shreveport Louisiana well of
the three couples we featured there only
Tommy and Monty are still maintaining a
relationship Hannah's thanks to Alex
Perez on that just ahead free food